Q: Can I wash blanket.. any problem to wash this type of the heavy cloth or woolen material?
A: Small or single bed blankets you can but not very heavy blankets, also machine takes little bit of effort to wash blanket
Q: Wet cloth is to auto dry
A: Absolutely YES
Q: What is the "exact power consumption of this washing machine in watts?"
A: It's only 220-240 watts.. Very less energy consumption..
Q: Is there an extra fitting charge?
A: No extra charge for Installation(fitting).
Q: outer body is plastic or metal?
A: metal.. top is plastic
Q: Can I wash leather jacket in this machine?
A: No
Q: Color 6.5 kg
A: white
Q: Any genuine user please letme knw can i use this machine from water supply through tanks fitted inside washroom touching ceiling .. that means ver low pressure inlet
A: No problem,you can use this machine by your same tank height
Q: What colour is this machine
A: white color
Q: We don't have water connection facility in my house can i pour the water manually based on the requirement of the machine?? Manually I can pour the water and use it or else it may damage the machine?
A: Extend both pipes, watch video on YouTube
Q: Does this product require Stabilizer? If yes, what capacity stabilizer be used? In rural areas Power fluctuates many times so.
A: no need stabilizer
Q: Do we get washing machine stand along with the purchase of machine
A: Nope...stand not provided...however, the machine having its own legs for support....u doesn't need to buy stand.
Q: It is shock proof?
A: dont worry you will not get a shock outer body is of plastic but if wire is damaged you may get
Q: Does it have comfort draw??
A: If you are asking if there is provision for dispensing fabric softner such as comfort, yes there is one.
Q: The machine has fuzzy logic?
A: No , actually the person who will be coming for installation will explain each and everything in ur favorable language and u don't need worry about operating as there is a manual provided too
Q: How many person clothes washing in it ?
A: 2-3 at a time
Q: Does it have Wheel
A: No it is fixed and you should not be using any stand for this washing machine
Q: Can I add water manually?
A: yes, it can be done
Q: Hot water comes
A: no
Q: During power cut will it start where it droped or it start from the biginning?
A: It will resume washing once the power comes back.
Q: Does this model has SINK in top to hand wash collars and cuffs?
A: it doesint comewith that tray kind of thing i saw it on other washing machine its best to avoid these and spend a couple more k and buy the front load it just consumes a ton of water washing is nt gud
Q: Does it have air dryer?
A: No
Q: Does it have any overload alert ?
A: No, there is no such alert system i have found but yes it sounds more while spinning when it is overloaded.
Q: Which year model will i get if I ordered now bcoz it is 2021
A: this year
Q: Can we use this without demo and installation by the company people? Or is it mandatory?
A: No not mandatory. You have request for installation by registering then only the company person will come.
Q: How many type of washes it can do?
A: 6 types
Q: Can we use only spin function of the machine ?
A: yes
Q: Is there any alaram while the wash is completes?
A: Yes
Q: Can I use salty water( very hard) for this machine ?
A: yes you can but be ready for the service for machine coz if you use salty water then in very short time your machine will be affected.
Q: Is it auto drying?
A: No
Q: Dryer is available in this machine or not
A: Yes Its dry cloths well
Q: Please confirm whether it has super speed technology?
A: Yes
Q: Can I put water manually?
A: No
Q: What is Minimum wash time for Normal mode
A: 54 minutes
Q: 250 watts for running the machine
A: 16 amps socket is required
Q: Can i use hot water for washing machine ?
A: no facility for heating the water
Q: Does it have any bad effects if we use hard water regulaly?
A: We are using it since we are purchase it, still we didn't face any kind of issue.
Q: Can we pause the process after getting started? And can we open the door if power is cut?
A: yes, we can pause the process. And, we can open the door if power is cut.
Q: Is there hydraulic door ?
A: no
Q: Does this have smart door facility
A: yes
Q: How many years is Warranty period
A: 20 years motor
Q: How much star it is?
A: It is rated 5 star
Q: Does it have child lock facility
A: NO
Q: After washing clothes the whole if the water cleared or some amount of water will stay bottom of the drum like half bucket
A: Complete water will drain out.
Q: It's moveable or with stand
A: You have to purchase separate trolley for this. it's not moveable.
Q: Inbuilt heater for dryer
A: No..
Q: Is this machine have in built heater?
A: Yes
Q: Samsung WA65T4262GG/TL has tub material plastic or stainless steel?
A: stainless steel
Q: Does it have separate tray for pouring detergent and fabric conditioner?
A: yes is there inside the top door
Q: Is it possible to wash just one piece of clothing, or is there a minimum weight requirement for a wash load?
A: You need to put atleast 1 bedsheet or5-8 clothes
Q: Soft closing door is available?
A: Yes it has soft closing door
Q: Kya winter me cloth garam pani se wash hote hai
A: NO
Q: Steam water is available in this machine
A: Yes
Q: Hot water is available in this machine
A: Hot water is not there. But same model different variant has hot water option. Check model number
Q: Low water pressuer can I use this washing machine
A: Yes it can be used
Q: Dray system available yes saye no
A: The answer is Yes
Q: Can I wash king size blanket here ?
A: Yes
Q: Lint free or not ?
A: no
Q: Outer Body Material Made Up Of and Drum Material?
A: Outer body plastic Drum ss
Q: Can I wash bedcover of a double bed in 7 kg of this washing machine
A: Yes you can
Q: Can I wash double bed blanket in 8kg washing machine?
A: Easily
Q: Which model is it 2023 or 2024?
A: 2024
Q: How does it dry clothes after wash?
A: It's the same as the front load, you no need to do anything manually It washes the clothes then dry It's a fully automatic top load washing machine
Q: Can I add a softener in the beginning? Or do I need to add it only in the last rinse cycle. Will it automatically take softener in the last rinse cycle only
A: you have to need add softener at the last rinse cycle only.
Q: Is there is any alarm if the water supply cuts while machine is running?
A: Yes you will get beep sound
Q: What is the option for tub clean
A: Tub clean with extra deep cleaning
Q: Can I directly connect its water pipe with the water pump ( motor ) as I don't have water storage tank at my home ? Is it ok ?
A: A running tap is all it needs
Q: What is the size of washing machine in cm...
A: 8kg
Q: Can we adjust water level manually? Is there any control button for it?
A: Yes
Q: Can we adjust the water level manually?
A: No not adjust tha water level
Q: Can I Use This Without Tap connection.?? Can I use This With Help Of Bucket??
A: No
Q: Can I use normal surf such as surfexcel detergent?
A: Yes
Q: Is there cloth drying option after washing in this washing machine
A: Yes
Q: Should we any charges for warrant registration
A: No
Q: How much time take to normal washing? In 10kg washing machine...
A: 30 mins in normal wash, although there are other washing methods too, so the time may vary from 20 min to 1 hr
Q: Colthes dry facility is aviailabe or not?
A: Not
Q: Can it automatically sence type of cloth
A: Yes
Q: Which washing cycle mode to be used for white clothes?
A: Delicate
Q: Can we use hard water for this washing machine?
A: Yes I am used this woshing machine . Cloth so clean not proper clean
Q: Can I used only the dryer (skipping the washing process) separately ?
A: No. You can rinse and spin because there is a dedicated button was there on the washing machine and it will work accordingly.
Q: Does it comes with free Liquid detergent like whirlpool and panasonic?
A: No
Q: Is it have Dry wash?
A: Yes it has a dry option
Q: Is it water resistance?
A: Yes
Q: In what percentage the clothes have dryed
A: 80%
Q: Is WA80BG4546BDTL ecobubble Or Bubblestorm?
A: Ecobubble
Q: Does it runs on solar power?
A: No
Q: It's have vibration in washing of clothes??
A: No it's completely perfect I don't noticed anything
Q: Is its motor coil copper?
A: copper
Q: Dose it fade the colour of the clothes
A: No
Q: Should we pour water in machine or it will take automatically?
A: It will take automatically
Q: Back side material
A: Strong and worthy
Q: How much guarantee
A: Two years only
Q: How many pair of clothes are washed in one time
A: 14 pairs is enough
Q: Can we wash woollen Blanket??
A: yes
Q: Manufacturing year 2022 or 2023
A: 2022
Q: Can we dry wet clathes
A: Yes
Q: Can I run this machine by 1100 watt inverter?
A: Yes
Q: Water coming slowly
A: Not slowly
Q: Do I need arrange a separate plug or what is the power supply wire for using this washing machine?
A: No if your plug is near to height then no wire needed
Q: what is Delay End program
A: You can set up time if you go outside
Q: Warranty period for this product?
A: As mentioned
Q: Which year model will i get if i order now ? Because its 2023.
A: 2023
Q: I haven't received a warranty card? Do we receive a warranty card with machine?
A: Yes
Q: Heater available in this washing machine for steam wash
A: No
Q: Does it work on zero water pressure ?
A: Yes
Q: How many k w
A: 8 kg
Q: Can I use it for both washing and drying of clothes
A: Yes
Q: Is this machine rat proof?
A: Yes
Q: Does the machine have drain pump?
A: Yes
Q: How long will take wash on quick wash mode?
A: 35-40min. depends on waight of clothes 😏
Q: Does it require voltage stabilizer
A: No
Q: How does this work
A: this machine is inverter technology . Normal electric use.
Q: On Normal wash cycle, Rinse happens only once. Is there any settings to update as two times Rinse
A: No
Q: Does this mashine has dring process of cloth?
A: Yes
Q: Can we wash sarees in this wash machine easily without any damage
A: Yes
Q: It is having cover
A: You have to buy separate
Q: Can it work with overhead tank water pressure
A: Yes it can..I'm using the same
Q: Does this machine have the facility of heating the water as per the requirement of different clothes?
A: No heater.
Q: Does it have water jet button
A: Not this model. The water jet and hand wash model has a different part number.
Q: Is well water permissible in the machine
A: Yes
Q: In build heater
A: yes
Q: Does this message come with a stand or cover with this machine?
A: No stand only washing machine and manual guide available in this box
Q: Does it have different slots for detergent and fabric conditioner?
A: Yes.
Q: Mobile to wifi
A: Samsung Smart App available. Scan LED display with phone camera.
Q: Automatically hot water wash available..?
A: No
Q: In case I have to wash only 1 kg of dress the entire drum has to be fill by the machine? Is there any feature available to prevent this?
A: Auto load sensing. 5 levels of water filling available.
Q: Drying facility is available
A: Spin dry including 'monsoon' drying feature for 9 or 15 min spin time. Not hot air drying
Q: How much electricity consume when it 1hour continu?
A: 5 star rating direct drive inverter motor.
Q: Is it consume heavy amount amount of water ?
A: Same as any top load machine. Default setting is single rinse. 62 L for max load and water level.
Q: What is the maximum temperature it can generate to wash clothes
A: Yes
Q: This Machine Is Only WIFI START Or Power Connection
A: Power Connection
Q: Display time for normal wash and actual wash time.
A: Yes. Countdown timer present. Water pressure is important for faster filling.
Q: Can it do extreme dry the clothes or need to out side in the Air dry
A: Need to out side in the air dry
Q: Is it anti rust body?
A: Yes
Q: What about rust?
A: It's body rust free
Q: It got in built stabilizer or not plss answer
A: No need of stabilizer
Q: While spinning, this machine makes noise is it normal?
A: yes
Q: Top load and front load rpm speed are equal are not .
A: Ita depends on the motor
Q: The under body of drum is plastic are steel
A: steel
Q: How many years warranty fir machine?
A: 2 years
Q: How much water it consumes per wash?
A: 30-40 ltrs
Q: White colour cloth washing is good ?
A: To some level only
Q: Dose it have dryer?
A: Yes.
Q: Does this washing machine have water pump for taking water
A: Yes
Q: What About Machine Sound? It is louder?
A: It doesn't produce loud sound. It has silent operation
Q: What is the Current Warranty Period On This Machine.
A: 4 yrsrs
Q: Ability of hot water?
A: no, only stem
Q: Is there option to soak in this model?
A: No, separate option. It is included in wash mode
Q: is there requirement for any stand while installation ?
A: No, Not required for installation. Stand usage is good for better function
Q: Stabilizer required for this washing machine
A: No
Q: How is possible 73% energy saving
A: Yes this is digital inverter motor
Q: How is possible up to 73% less energy
A: it has digital inverter motor
Q: Can it be used for hardwater
A: It can be used in hardwater places but better to add an hardwater softner.
Q: Water softener really required?
A: No
Q: Does it has inbuilt water heater?
A: No it not available
Q: Does it have wheels?
A: No
Q: Direct drive or Belt Drive??
A: Direct drive
Q: Built in heater available?
A: No
Q: Does this have a water heater in it? Like can it heat water in it ?
A: No
Q: can we only spin clothe in this machine
A: Yes
Q: ZERO PRESSURE TECHNOLOGY
A: This is based on Ecobubble technology
Q: It is a silent operation???
A: some noise is there while using spin function
Q: Does this washing machine have turbo drum
A: yes
Q: Manufacturing date in 2021 or 2022
A: 2022
Q: LG or samsong
A: samsung
Q: Is it wifi or non wifi?
A: non wifi
Q: Drying system is available
A: It uses spin feature to dry clothes.
Q: Is there any water boiling facility???
A: yes
Q: This washing machine can I operate with Mobile
A: No...
Q: Cloth dry hoto h
A: yes
Q: Samsung WA65T4262GG/TL model has tub material plastic or stainless steel ?
A: tub is stainless steel and beater (roter) is plastic
Q: Does it make noise?
A: No.
Q: How much detergent does it consume?
A: very few
Q: Can wash it woolen clothes????
A: Yes
Q: Product along with Inlet and outlet pipes ?
A: yes. 1 meter inlet ane 2 meter outlet
Q: Which year model will i getif i order now
A: I received 2021 model.
Q: When power restore, it will restart where it is hold automatically or we can resume it.
A: Automatically starts on its own
Q: It needs 10 Ampere connection or 16 Ampere connection ?
A: 16 amp best
Q: Can we open the door during the washing
A: On the initial stage while filling the water we can open. After further washing steps it can not be opened.
Q: hydraulic lid or normal lid.
A: hydraulic lid is very very small i can't used other wise all fine
